A tree data structure is a hierarchical non-linear structure that is used to represent and organize data in a 
way that is easy to navigate and search. 
It is a collection of nodes that are connected by edges and has a hierarchical relationship between the nodes. 


BASIC TERMS 
- Node : Each element fo tree 
- Root : Topmost node of the tree
- Children : Node below another node 
- Parent : Node above another node 
- Sibling : Nodes having same parents 
- Ancestor : All nodes above a node 
- Descendant : All nodes below a node 
- Leaf : Node having no children 


TYPES OF TREE 
1. Binary tree : Tree having atmost 2 childs per each node.
    Creation :
    class Node {
        int data;
        Node *left;
        Node *right;
    }
2. N-ary tree : Tree having multiple childs per each node.
    Creation :
    class Node {
        int data;
        list <Node*> child;
    }



CREATION 
First whole left heirarchy is traversed then comes the chance for right traversing 
We need to use a separator to get know when a level is completed 
Add separator into queue after each level is completed (use NULL as separator)
Now whenever a level gets completed, press Enter 

Algortihm :
1. Create a new Node with the read data.
2. If data is -1, return NULL.
3. Recursive Call for Left child & Right child 
4. Return the pointer to the root.


TRAVERSAL TYPES 
1. Level Order Traversal 
    Traversal the tree by printing 1 level at a time.
    Solved using queue.

    Algorithm :
    1. Create an empty queue q.
    2. Enqueue the root node into q.
    3. Enqueue a NULL separator to mark the end of the first level.
    4. Run a loop until the queue is not empty:
        a. Dequeue a node temp from q.
        b. If temp is NULL, it means the previous level is completely traversed. 
            Print a newline and enqueue a NULL if there are more levels.
        c. If temp is not NULL, print the data of temp.
            Enqueue the left child of temp if it exists.
            Enqueue the right child of temp if it exists.
2. Reverse Level Order Traversal (HOMEWORK)
    Solved using a queue and a stack.
    This code uses a stack to store nodes at each level in reverse order and then prints or processes the 
    nodes from the stack.

    Algorithm :
    1. If the root is NULL, return.
    2. Initialize an empty queue (q) and a stack (s).
    3. Enqueue the root into the queue.
    4. Enqueue a NULL as a separator into the queue.
    5. While the queue is not empty:
        a. Dequeue a node (temp) from the front of the queue.
        b. Push temp into the stack.
        c. If temp is NULL, the level is complete. Enqueue a NULL if the queue is not empty.
        d. If temp is not NULL:
            Enqueue the left child of temp if it exists.
            Enqueue the right child of temp if it exists.
    6. While the stack is not empty:
        a. Pop a node from the top of the stack (temp).
        b. If temp is NULL, print a newline.
        c. If temp is not NULL, print the data of temp followed by a space.
3. Inorder Traversal 
    L N R 
    (Go to left part, Print, Go to right part)
4. PreOrder Traversal 
    N L R 
    (Print, Go to left part, Go to right part)
5. PostOrder Traversal 
    L R N
    (Go to left part, Go to right part, print)
    

HOMEWORK write codes for In, post, pre order traversal without using recurssion (with iteration)