WHAT IS HEAP ?
Heap is a data structure. 
Heap is a complete bindary tres (BST) that comes with a heap order property.


WHAT IS CBT (Complete Binary Tree) ?
- Every level is fully filled except the last level
- Nodes always added from the left (Nodes always leans towards the left)


WHAT IS HEAP ORDER PROPERTY ?
1. Max Heap : For each node, child has lower value than parent 
2. Min Heap : For each node, child has higher value than parent 


HEAP IMPLEMENTATION 
It's done in form of array 
We place nothing at 0 index

Basic Property (1-based indexing):
If any node is at ith index, then 
- It's left child would be at 2*i index 
- It's right child would be at (2*i)+1 index 
- It's parent would be at i/2 index 
- It's leaf nodes lies from (n/2)+1 to nth index, where n is no. of elements in heap 

For 0-based indexity,
- Left child is at (2*i)+1 index 
- Right child is at (2*i)+2 index 
- Heapify runs from (n/2)-1 to >=0


INSERTION IN HEAP (Max heap)
1. Insert the value at end (last index)
2. Take it to it's correct position (by comparing it with it's parent on basis of heap order property) 
Time Complexity is O(logn)

DELETION IN HEAP (Max heap)
Remember we're talking about deletion of Root node 
1. Put or Swap first node (root node) with Last node 
2. Remove last node 
3. Propagate root node to it's correct position 
    (by comparing it with it's largest child among both children on basis of heap order property)
Time Complexity is O(logn)


HEAPIFY ALGORITHM
1 node ko utha ke uski sahi jaagh pe leke jaana heapify algorithm ka kaam hai !
Heapify function uss ek index se leke neche tak, poore part ko heap mei convert krdega 

Convert input array to Heap 
All leaf nodes can be assumed as Heap itself, no need to process Leaf nodes (No need to take them to right place)
If we're processing 1 to n index, then we don't need to process its (n/2)+1 to n index part bcoz they're heaps
So, we only need to process the part from 1 to n/2, that is take these nodes to their right place
Assume we're coming from right 
1. Run a loop from n/2 to greater than 0, inside the loop we run hapify algorithm :  heapify(arr, size, i)
2. Propagate each node to it's correct position 
    (by comparing it with it's largest child among both children on basis of heap order property)

Time Complexity of heapify operation is O(logn) 
Build Heap from heapify has Time Complexity of O(n)

Time Complexity Analysis:
- The loop for(i/2 -> >0) iterates over each non-leaf node in reverse order.
- For each non-leaf node, the heapify operation is applied.
- The heapify operation has a time complexity of O(log n), where n is the number of elements in the heap.
- Since there are n/2 non-leaf nodes in heap, total time complexity is sum of the logn for each non-leaf node.
- The sum of the logarithmic values for all non-leaf nodes can be bounded by a constant factor.
Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(n).

The bottom-up approach to building a heap using this loop has a linear time complexity of O(n).
This makes it more efficient than inserting elements one by one into an initially empty heap, 
which would take O(nlogn) time.

Always remember < & > comes in case of 0-based indexing 
Always remember <= & >= comes in case of 1-based indexing 


HEAP SORT (Max heap)
1. We know root node is largest, swap root node with last node 
2. Ignore last element as it got already sorted, consider remaining heap (By doing size--)
3. Take root node to correct position (By Heapify algorithm)
4. Now repeat all above steps for remaining heap till size of heap is greater than 1
Time Complexity is O(nlogn)
Heap sort includes both Building Heap & Heap sort logic 


PRIORITY QUEUE 
By default it makes max heap 
You need to import queue header file 